c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\bin\Debug\4Puzzle.xr.xml
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\bin\Debug\4Puzzle.exe
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\bin\Debug\4Puzzle.pdb
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\bin\Debug\4Puzzle.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\4Puzzle.exe
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\4Puzzle.pdb
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\andrei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\bin\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\bin\Debug\4Puzzle.xr.xml
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\bin\Debug\4Puzzle.exe
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\bin\Debug\4Puzzle.pdb
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\bin\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\bin\Debug\4Puzzle.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\App.xaml
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\4Puzzle.exe
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\4Puzzle.pdb
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\Tutorial.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\Tutorial.g.cs
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\Tutorial.xaml
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\Tutorial.xbf
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\bin\Debug\Tutorial.xbf
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\bin\Debug\SinglePlayer\SinglePlayerEasy.xbf
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\bin\Debug\SinglePlayer\SinglePlayerHard.xbf
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\bin\Debug\SinglePlayer\SinglePlayerMedium.xbf
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\bin\Debug\SinglePlayer\SinglePlayerMenu.xbf
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\SinglePlayer\SinglePlayerEasy.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\SinglePlayer\SinglePlayerEasy.g.cs
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\SinglePlayer\SinglePlayerHard.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\SinglePlayer\SinglePlayerHard.g.cs
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\SinglePlayer\SinglePlayerMedium.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\SinglePlayer\SinglePlayerMedium.g.cs
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\SinglePlayer\SinglePlayerMenu.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\SinglePlayer\SinglePlayerMenu.g.cs
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\SinglePlayer\SinglePlayerHard.xaml
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\SinglePlayer\SinglePlayerMedium.xaml
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\SinglePlayer\SinglePlayerHard.xbf
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\SinglePlayer\SinglePlayerMedium.xbf
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\SinglePlayer\SinglePlayerEasy.xaml
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\SinglePlayer\SinglePlayerMenu.xaml
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\SinglePlayer\SinglePlayerEasy.xbf
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\SinglePlayer\SinglePlayerMenu.xbf
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\bin\Debug\Rankings.xbf
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\Rankings.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\Rankings.g.cs
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\Rankings.xaml
C:\Users\Andrei\Documents\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\4Puzzle\obj\Debug\Rankings.xbf
